---
title: 资深移动开发工程师（Android）-TMMS
date: 2020-04-15 17:42:19
---
##### 招聘类别：社会招聘
##### 工作性质：全职
##### 薪资范围：15001-25000
##### 需求部门：TMMS
##### 工作地点：南京市
##### 职位类型：Core Tech
##### 招聘区域：不限 
##### 内推邮箱：
{% blockquote %}  

cake_xu/at/trendmicro.com # 请把 /at/ 替换为 @

{% endblockquote %}

{% blockquote %}  

##### 工作职责：
{% blockquote %}  

Trend Micro Mobile Security is a mobile app providing comprehensive protection for Android devices. It safeguards against virus, privacy issue, fraudulet websites and provides other system utilites.  
Trend Micro IoT Security Android version is a solution working on Android System providing comprehensive protection for Android devices.  
The Mobile Security team is looking for a talent to develop new products and solutions on various Mobile environments (mainly on Android, iOS is a plus.).  

The job responsibility includes:  

- Strengthen security pitches upon Android environment, including Android application, framework and Android IoT solutions.
- Design and implement new user-facing features in Trend Micro's products.  
- Build the libraries and frameworks that support sophisticated security features or user engaging features.  
- Optimize mobile applications on Android platform.  
- Develop security feature on Android system level.  
- Writing design spec, quality codes and unit tests.  
{% endblockquote %}

##### 任职资格：
{% blockquote %}  

Minimum qualifications:  
- BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  
- 1-3 years of relevant work experience.  
- Experience in mobile application development and/or Android System development. Programming experience in Java and/or C/C++  
- Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English.  

Preferred qualifications:  
- 1 or more years of Android application development experience.  
- 1 or more years of Linux driver development experience.  
- Familiar with Linux kernel.  
- Knowledge of the Android SDK performance tools and optimization techniques.  
- Knowledge of Android framework and embedded system.  
- Interest and ability to learn other programming languages as needed.  
- Master's or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.  
- Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: C/C++, C#, Python, JavaScript, Go, Objective-C, Swift.  

{% endblockquote %}

##### 更多职位
{% link 内推职位列表 https://www.smallbigcake.com/trendmicrojob false 内推职位列表 %}
