---
title: 资深开发工程师Linux C++
date: 2020-04-15 17:42:19
---
##### 招聘类别：社会招聘
##### 工作性质：全职
##### 薪资范围：15001-25000
##### 需求部门：Commercial Networking
##### 工作地点：南京市
##### 职位类型：Commercial Networking
##### 招聘区域：不限 
##### 内推邮箱：
{% blockquote %}  

cake_xu/at/trendmicro.com # 请把 /at/ 替换为 @

{% endblockquote %}

##### 工作职责：
{% blockquote %}  

1. Problem solving and troubleshooting, debugging and performance optimization for Web Gateway product or Mail gateway product.
2. Self-motivated, proactive, can work with minimum supervision. Communicate smoothly with team members, customers and other team.
3. This position require software develop engineer contributing SRS/design/coding/debug/review/training in whole project development lifecycle.
4. This position may needs work cross different time-zone with international team members;

{% endblockquote %}

##### 任职资格：
{% blockquote %}  

1. In-depth knowledge of Linux OS.
2. Familiar with C/C+ development under Linux environment.
3. In-depth knowledge of network, switching, routing
4. Knowledge of Linux iptables and DPI development experience is a plus
5. Knowledge of internet protocol(UPNP/SSDP/ mDNS,SMTP,HTTP, HTTPs, HTTP v2 etc) is a plus.
6. Knowledge with Python/Node.js is plus
7. Knowledge with HTML/CSS/JS is plus
8. Fast learning, could learn new technology quickly and use them in development.
9. Good oral and written skills in English.

{% endblockquote %}

#### 更多职位
{% link 内推职位列表 https://www.smallbigcake.com/trendmicrojob false 内推职位列表 %}
