---
title: 资深开发工程师Windows
date: 2020-04-15 17:42:19
---
##### 招聘类别：社会招聘
##### 工作性质：全职
##### 薪资范围：15001-25000
##### 需求部门：Machine Learning
##### 工作地点：南京市
##### 职位类型：Core Tech
##### 招聘区域：不限 
##### 内推邮箱：
{% blockquote %}  

cake_xu/at/trendmicro.com # 请把 /at/ 替换为 @

{% endblockquote %}

{% blockquote %}  

##### 工作职责：
{% blockquote %}  

With serval years of machine learning application, TrendMicro is now trying to enlarge its Machine Learning team.
As a key position in the most crucial TrendX Project in Core Technology Department, you will be dedicated to the application of most cutting-edge machine learning knowledge, and experience working with a global R&D team.
Goals/Mission: Research and Deliver Machine Learning Solutions for Trend Security Products

Responsibilities:
1. Study Malware characteristics for Mac OS/Windows/Linux or other cyber threats and work with threat experts to design possible features.
2. Handling real traffic data and analyzing distribution of features, selecting and/or changing features, purifying data, building up good quality training/testing data set as well as automatic processes for training and testing.
3. Research machine learning approaches to learn knowledge from real world data and prediction results should be comparable to worldwide competitors.
4. Based on gained knowledge from above research to provide advice or solution POC on new or enhanced methods of malware detection for Titanium, Office Scan, and other Trend Products. 
5. Implement and deliver machine learning solutions as packages of Intelligent Engine embedded into Trend Products.
6. Join and speak in global security conference about research observations and findings. 

{% endblockquote %}

##### 任职资格：
{% blockquote %}  

Qualifications:
1. Master Degree in Computer Science or related fields (both BA/MS graduated from prestigious universities).
2. Fast-Learning, Creativity and self-motivated.
3. Experienced in and good at Statistics as well as Feature Selection/XGBoost/Tree optimization.
4. Grasp Deep Learning is a plus.

{% endblockquote %}

##### 更多职位
{% link 内推职位列表 https://www.smallbigcake.com/trendmicrojob false 内推职位列表 %}
