---
title: 初级软件开发工程师
date: 2020-04-15 17:42:19
---
##### 招聘类别：社会招聘
##### 工作性质：全职
##### 薪资范围：15001-25000
##### 需求部门：CDC
##### 工作地点：南京市
##### 职位类型：CDC
##### 招聘区域：不限 
##### 内推邮箱：
{% blockquote %}  

cake_xu/at/trendmicro.com # 请把 /at/ 替换为 @

{% endblockquote %}

##### 工作职责：
{% blockquote %}  

1. In this position, you will be responsible for working in software product development which is used by our global customers. 
2. As a programmer at Trend Micro, you will help to design, develop, maintains, implements and update the code and software modules for our projects & products. 
3. You will work with minimal supervision on analysis task. You will participate in the definition of the lifecycle of software process and in code reviews. 

{% endblockquote %}

##### 任职资格：
{% blockquote %}  

Requirements:
1. BS, MS, or PHD in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Electronic Engineering or related technical discipline (or equivalent).
2. Good programming experience in C/C++ or Java on Windows, Linux/UNIX or MacOS.
3. Solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design.
4. Coding skills in Python, Perl, JavaScript, database design and SQL, and/or knowledge of TCP/IP and network programming are a plus.
5. Mobile platform (Android, iOS, Windows Mobile) or Mac development experience is a plus.
6. Distributed System, Big-Data and Deeping learning related experience is a plus.
7. Development experience on AWS or Azure cloud platform is a plus.
8. Fluency in English (reading and writing).
9. Has a strong passion for innovation. Can see problem in a unique view and come up with creative solutions.

{% endblockquote %}

#### 更多职位
{% link 内推职位列表 https://www.smallbigcake.com/trendmicrojob false 内推职位列表 %}
