---
title: 资深测试工程师
date: 2020-04-15 17:42:19
---
##### 招聘类别：社会招聘
##### 工作性质：全职
##### 薪资范围：15001-25000
##### 需求部门：Commercial Networking
##### 工作地点：南京市
##### 职位类型：Commercial Networking
##### 招聘区域：不限 
##### 内推邮箱：
{% blockquote %}  

cake_xu/at/trendmicro.com # 请把 /at/ 替换为 @

{% endblockquote %}

##### 工作职责：
{% blockquote %}  

Responsibilities：
1. Work closely with Dev/Operation team and stakeholders to conduct test design and define quality metrics for product features.
2. Write test plans and test cases and executing test cases in a thorough and timely manner and deliver test reports.
3. Build automated test suites with existing testing framework.
4. Bug review, RCA, and troubleshooting in test and production environment.
5. Execute performance and scalability test to find bottleneck and benchmarks in applications.

{% endblockquote %}

##### 任职资格：
{% blockquote %}  

Qualifications:
1. Being familiar with Linux/Unix.
2. Being able to program with the script language such as Shell, Python, Go or else.
3. Master TCP/IP, HTTP and other popular network protocols.
4. Being familiar with the network (CCNA/CCNP/CCIE is a plus).
5. Experience/knowledge developing and executing manual and automated test suites.
6. Knowledge in Software Testing Methodologies (Experience and knowledge in the system test is a plus)
7. Web development/debugging skill is a plus.
8. Public Cloud knowledge of AWS & Azure is a plus
9. Good teamwork spirit and strong responsibility.
10. Good reading and written communication skills in English.
11. Experience in restful api test is a plus.

{% endblockquote %}

##### 更多职位
{% link 内推职位列表 https://www.smallbigcake.com/trendmicrojob false 内推职位列表 %}
