---
title: 产品本地化工程师
date: 2020-04-15 17:42:19
---
##### 招聘类别：社会招聘
##### 工作性质：全职
##### 薪资范围：15001-25000
##### 需求部门：L10N
##### 工作地点：南京市
##### 职位类型：Corp RD
##### 招聘区域：不限 
##### 内推邮箱：
{% blockquote %}  

cake_xu/at/trendmicro.com # 请把 /at/ 替换为 @

{% endblockquote %}

{% blockquote %}  

##### 工作职责：
{% blockquote %}  

Responsibility:
- Lead project’s UI and doc localization execution by co-work with vendor and different stakeholders. Perform Management/ Improvement/Maintenance of translation and engineering tasks in localization projects. 
- Work closely with Dev team and stakeholders to write test plans, define quality metrics and deliver test reports in a thorough and timely manner.
- Internal tool development and maintain.
- Manage and guide localization vendor to assure delivery quality. 
- Consulting internal and external localization and Internationalization process and work mode.
- Localization related industry research.

{% endblockquote %}

##### 任职资格：
{% blockquote %}  

Qualifications:
1. Being familiar with Linux/Unix.
2. Being able to program with the script language such as Shell, Python, Go or else.
3. Master TCP/IP, HTTP and other popular network protocols.
4. Being familiar with the network (CCNA/CCNP/CCIE is a plus).
5. Experience/knowledge developing and executing manual and automated test suites.
6. Knowledge in Software Testing Methodologies (Experience and knowledge in the system test is a plus)
7. Web development/debugging skill is a plus.
8. Public Cloud knowledge of AWS & Azure is a plus
9. Good teamwork spirit and strong responsibility.
10. Good reading and written communication skills in English.
11. Experience in restful api test is a plus.

{% endblockquote %}

##### 更多职位
{% link 内推职位列表 https://www.smallbigcake.com/trendmicrojob false 内推职位列表 %}
