---
title: 资深运维工具开发工程师
date: 2020-04-15 17:42:19
---
##### 招聘类别：社会招聘
##### 工作性质：全职
##### 薪资范围：15001-25000
##### 需求部门：Core Tech
##### 工作地点：南京市
##### 职位类型：Core Tech
##### 招聘区域：不限 
##### 内推邮箱：
{% blockquote %}  

cake_xu/at/trendmicro.com # 请把 /at/ 替换为 @

{% endblockquote %}

##### 工作职责：
{% blockquote %}  

This job is to work with Product Development team in the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) to assist the projects to release products or services with the advanced knowledge of DevOps tool chain. We are constantly pushing updates and iterating on all of our products and services. Using your leadership and technical expertise, you will communicate with product development team and lead the complex application releases for production and develop major improvements to tools and processes in the whole software release cycle. Support and improve our tools for release process related to CI/CD, Infra as code, Test automation, etc.:
  
1. Management of CI process and release artifacts (source code, document and release build) with multiple systems (Perforce, Git, Nexus, Docker, Jira)
2. Provide release process and tool chain consultant service to development teams. 
3. Watching and Evaluating the new industrial technologies on DevOps tool chain.
4. Plan, design, implement and optimize the release process and system.

{% endblockquote %}

##### 任职资格：
{% blockquote %}  

For this position, we expected he/she can share knowledge, best practice with colleagues, and will be assigned to specific projects which he/she will be full responsible for above area. In this position, he/she will keep his/her skills up-to-date by working with the latest technologies.
 
Qualifications:
1. Strong experiences on CI/CD solution setup for official software product release.
2. Familiar with multiple DevOps relevant tools like: GitHub, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, Ansible, Python and etc.
3. Familiar with public cloud solution like: AWS, Azure.
4. Experience of new tools/system evaluation, implementation and operation which is using by product development group.
5. Familiar with project management and agile practices, like Scrum. 
6. Strong communication skills and willing to take challenges.
7. Good English read/write and oral skill is required.
8. Familiar with Azure Devops, AWS CodeBuild, CodePipeline is a plus.
9. Familiar with either one of backend programming such as GoLang, C++, Java is a plus.

{% endblockquote %}

#### 更多职位
{% link 内推职位列表 https://www.smallbigcake.com/trendmicrojob false 内推职位列表 %}
